may I introduce to my new wife Colette
the wild days of Danny on the contrary
the wild days have just begun you
married a literary entrepreneur you've
married a country girl that penny to her
name
we're doomed ami Willie is a brand I
take all the risk and the silver money
but you you could write my school
stories yes that could be Willie's next
novel are you writing for YouTube yes
he's made you one of his ghosts already
my name is Claudia I live in Montana I
shall probably not die there
is beautiful we've never had one fly off
the shelves like this before
and who knows by young women subtle as
ever I have a little plan to turn
Clawdeen into the most popular girl in
the entire world
I believe will you base Cordy on your
school days yes I think I had a little
something to contribute finally we have
a success and then you imply that I'm
not the true author of it people love to
talk I understand the mentality if you
don't I understand it well enough to
write a book there's a toast of Paris
you've done something important all
those young girls we've given them of us
you should own up to it he was after you
your jealousy is misplaced
how so it's the wife I found interesting
we're holding dynamite here that could
blow our bloody heads off since when
have you considered scandal to be a bad
thing oh how interesting your love line
splits into three must get used to
marriage better to make marriage it is
to you
people are begging for more I don't want
to write another clue Dean are you out
of your mind right no one can take away
who you are destroy this incinerate
[Music]
you found me when I knew nothing
we wondered meteor and desires
[Music]
and you thought that I could never break
free
oh you're wrong
the hand holds the pen writes history
you
[Music]